samples: matter: Removed support for nRF7002 DK (#28433)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter samples
--------------

* Removed support for the nRF7002 DK and nRF5340 DK combined with the nRF7002 EK shield that was deprecated in |NCS| v3.2.0 from all Matter samples.
  This is mainly due to the very limited non-volatile memory space left for application code.

>   As an alternative, it is recommended to use the nRF54LM20A or nRF54LM20B SoC in combination with the nRF7002-EB II shield, which provides a significantly greater amount of available non-volatile memory for Matter over Wi-Fi applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed support for the nRF7002 DK and nRF5340 DK used with the nRF7002 EK shield from all Matter samples, as this configuration was deprecated in |NCS| v3.2.0.
  The removal is mainly due to the very limited non-volatile memory available for application code.
  As an alternative, use the nRF54LM20A or nRF54LM20B SoC with the nRF7002-EB II shield.
  This combination provides significantly more non-volatile memory for Matter over Wi-Fi applications.
```
